created programmer error file (#2380)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/103-nodejs-error-handling/103-error-types/ProgrammerError.md

> #Programmer Errors
> 
> Programmer errors are logical or syntactical problems in programmes that can only be fixed by altering the source code. Because these mistakes are 
> programme flaws by definition, they cannot be fixed. Examples of programming mistakes are as follows:
> 
> Syntax errors, such as failing to close a curly brace.
> Type errors when you try to do something illegal, such as performing operations on operands of mismatched types.
> Bad parameters when calling a function.
> Reference errors when you misspell a variable, function, or property name.
> Trying to access a location beyond the end of an array.
> Failing to handle an operational error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Programmer Errors

Programmer errors are bugs and should be dealt with in our code. they can always be avoided by changing some line(s) of code. Examples of such errors are; when a String is passed where an Object was expected, trying to read a property that is “undefined”, called an asynchronous function without a callback, and so on.
```
